# Event 10

[[The Character|You]] can swim to the bank and then crawl to the ground. Several footsteps and a conversation can be heard as you lay wet and just inches from the [[The Abyssal Waters|flowing river]]. Your heart is pounding in your head, making it difficult for you to hear the conversation. Despite the fact that your head is still spinning, you manage to conceal the [[The Case of Keys|key box]] so that it does not raise any red flags. Once you've had a moment to catch your breath, [[The Group by the Waterfall|three people]] emerge from the tree line that runs along the riverbank. One of them knelt beside you and inquires about your well-being. You ask, "Did you see that?" As you cough up some water. With a perplexed expression, he tells you, "I'm surprised you're still breathing. You fell off a waterfall. In any case let's get you to the campsite we have nearby so you can rest up." As he starts to prop you up, he motions to someone else to help. As you begin to limp back to [[Waterfall Group Campfire|their campsite]], them man helping to begins to talk. "My name is [[Fredric]], [[Kane]] is to your left, and [[Rickert]] is guiding us." You stay silent about what [[The Character's Name|your name]] is. Fredric remarks, "No need to tell us your name if you have your reasons, but how did you end up falling from that [[The Waterfall|waterfall]]?" "I fell into [[The Abyssal Waters|the river]]," you say. With that reply, Fredric appears to be rather miffed, and the remaining distance to the campsite is traveled in silence. When you arrive at their campsite, it's rather small and appears to be just the three of them, which raises the question of who [[The Group by the Waterfall|the other people]] were. It has grown dark outside while you were on your way to [[Waterfall Group Campfire|the campsite]]. Kane starts gathering ingredients for cooking while Rickert starts to kindle the fire. You turn to face Fredric, who says, "I'm going to go gather some firewood, we will have a [[Waterfall Group Meal|quick meal]], and then we can all rest for the night. In the morning you can be on your way, but we ask that you don't go back in the direction of the river." He sets out into the night.

- Kill everyone because they just want your precious (key).
- **Spend the night with the nice fellas.**
- Wait till the right moment and escape into the night.


---
tags #Wright  #Event 