#Aaron #Event 
[[The Character|You]] study the [[The Golden Tree|tree]] further, and as you do the golden light pulsing from the tree transforms into [[Text of the Golden Tree|text]]. You don’t know what it it says, but symbols and images begin flowing into your mind. You see people and animals, some familiar, some foreign and strange as if from wholly different planes of existence, and all are surrounded by a brilliant golden halo of light. As the images swirling fade, you realize you feel your hand pushing a [[The Door of The Golden Tree|doorway]] shut behind you. Inspecting the door closely seems to have put you in a trance, and now you stand on the other side, the door behind you now nothing but a vanishing golden sliver of light. You now stand in the very center of a large [[The Golden Chamber|chamber]], the ground made of the same pulsating golden bark as the tree you just passed through. Before you is a [[The Golden Man|large man]] with golden skin, sharp pearl teeth, and [[The Platinum Tray|tray]] covered tray of platinum held aloft. He does not speak, and his face remains perfectly still, but beckons with his gaze to approach and look at what he has to show you. Behind you there is a large, broken [[The Rusted Statue|statue]] with no head. It is rusted copper, and seems to clash horribly with the rest of the chamber. It holds a [[The Sword of The Rusted Statue|sword]] aloft, the only thing not rusted. 
So, do you choose to inspect the golden man’s tray, or to inspect the statue and try to take up its sword?